I used to think being chosen by a man
was the ultimate goal, like the prize of
life, that if I was his girlfriend, I
finally had some sense of being on this
earth. But that mindset makes you
disappear. You start living in his word,
following his planks, waiting for his
attention. Slowly, you're forgetting you
even had a life before him. That's what
happens when you start to center a man.
The whole identity gets reduced to who
you are to him instead of who you are to
yourself. You have to desenter that man.
Your identity is not being someone
else's girlfriend, someone else's wife,
someone else's woman. Your identity is
the woman who sets the standard. You are
the standard. You choose and you create
your own story. A man is not the
ultimate goal. He is not the plot. He is
the side character in your life. You are
the main character and once you embody
that your whole world including men will
meet you there. Everyone and everything
will start to revolve around you once
you see yourself as the main character
you